have you ever wondered why it's so
relaxing to hang out with a dog this is
the Evelina Children's Hospital in
London and Magee is a normal dog with a
very special job to do
George was admitted to hospital on
Christmas Eve just over a year ago he
had a ruptured diaphragm and needed
drastic surgery for the next 18 hours
his parents didn't know if he would
survive he's doing well now but he
hasn't been home in all this time oh oh
yeah so the one thing George looks
forward to is this weekly visit from
McGee but he gets a lot more out of it
than just a cold oh when we stroke a dog
it makes us feel happy and relaxed tests
have shown that it lowers our blood
pressure this is because our bodies
release oxytocin into our bloodstream
the same hormone produced when mothers
breastfeed their babies this means will
feel the peaceful warm sense of bonding
and attachment that a mother would with
her newborn child
statistically people live longer if they
own dogs
that's lovely isn't it they're less
likely to have a heart attack and more
likely to survive one that take long did
it
[Music]
but the benefits go both ways
cuddler dog and her blood pressure will
also drop
she even produces the attachment hormone
oxytocin so she's feeling that same bond
that goes between a mother and her child
[Music]
you